all the changes that you think the team member should know should be in this file.! This is must
and update requierments.txt files with the flow of the project.
Google a way to check how to populate requierments.txt in your specified framework, also look over the formatting of requirements.txt files as it is must.

ex:
in python I have to install pigar. and then just type pigar in terminal which populates my requirements.txt files itself.

***
    On how to commit look over new branching that I have made since got is nothing if not branches.
    "git clone "https://github.com/mrintro/chatbot_lowes.git""  it will clone this repo in the directory you are currently present in.
    It will create a folder
    "git status" will show in which branch are you currently workin in.
    "git add -A" will add all the files
    "git commit -a -m "message"" will commit it.   imp.: this is commiting it in the local system git. This commit will not be reflected in github till you push it. yes.! git and github are two different things. 
    "git push" will refect the changes in the corresponding branch that you are present in.

    If you are confused about git just let me know, I will brief you about that jitna mujhe aata hai utna.

    Everyone must have one commit everyday with proper message.

***

structure of our branching:

master(never commit in the master) --- test (This branch is for final testing) --- dev(This branch is for development) --- login-signup
                                                                                                                       --- chat_bot
                                                                                                                       --- botting-chat
                                                                                                                        (names specify everything)
                                                                                                                        
If issues just let me know.
and push everyday at the end
and pull everyday before starting the day
